Article:
Black Friday is a huge shopping event which sees people all over the world getting discounted products as retailers slash prices. Customers are becoming more and more accustomed to helpful mobile in-store technology experiences and soon will come to expect them wherever they go. This means there is an ever growing opportunity to enhance the customer shopping experience through increased engagement and for the retailers drive in-store revenue. 
Online shopping is gold – however in store shopping is still solid.
So, how can retailers make the most of the data and engagement opportunities available?
Indoor navigation, contextual messaging, loyalty programs, mobile payments, AR experiences….If you are in the retail business anywhere in the world, you are certainly paying close attention to these trends and forecasts. And if your job is to make the in-store experience the best ever for the Christmas shopping season, every piece of customer intelligence is critical for claiming your share of the billions being spent this year.
Cover the basics: Know your traffic, don't guesstimate it
To understand traffic patterns and customer behavior, retailers can use in-venue real-time analytics, such as Pointr POP. It is designed to give retailers real-time and historical insight into customers by looking at both Bluetooth® and Wi-Fi statistics gathered from the smartphones that everyone carries today. This means that retailers can track the time spent in certain areas of the store and they can determine the best layout of the store, allowing more potential consumers to pass through.
Every visitor to your store is a potential customer, thus a vital data point. Being able to understand the quantity of people walking in-front of the store versus those entering, where they spend time, when during the day and how long they spend in the store are all vital pieces of insight.
Having gathered key footfall data, you can analyze them to recognize patterns and spot opportunities to improve store layout. For example, increase in-store traffic by testing different storefront layouts, displays, signage and promotional offers. This way the management and marketing team have a better way to judge what provides the highest conversion from those passing by and those who are in store visitors.
Make it easy for visitors to find what they came to buy
Black Fridays are hectic with massive queues and scenes of people running around like there is no tomorrow. In spite of that, we know for a fact that many people leave the store without buying everything they came to buy due to the fact that they could not find the product or were frustrated after walking around for a while and not getting the right help.
By removing this bottleneck and enabling visitors to independently search for any point of interest such as a product or brand and navigate to it effectively, you make their shopping experience so much easier.
On that note, you might also want to make it a fun experience by adding AR to the mix. Like what we did below. Take me to the cookie jar?
Augmented Reality showcase - Take me to the cookie jar!
Talk to your customers at the right place, time and location.
The ability to prompt a potential customer with the right suggestion can be the determining factor sparking their purchase. It’s not about spamming or mass messaging. Our research reveals that customers who receive contextual notifications, ranging from loyalty offers, exclusive content are five to twenty times more likely to engage with the retailer and spend money than customers who haven’t received any outreach. Thus this creates an increased customer value over time.
It’s all about creating that feeling of familiarity, of personalisation, if the visitors feel the retailer understands their needs then they are more likely to convert into a loyal brand loving customer and increase the number of visits.
Most 5 Frequent Word: [["the",37],["to",27],["and",21],["of",14],["a",10]]

Article:
“Why isn’t this a touch screen?” – asks a modern day youngster while pressing an information panel for more information about the skeleton. Children nowadays take it for granted that they will be able to interact with displays and exhibits, searching for for more information or finding points of interest near them. Although it’s not possible quite yet, an increasing group of people are getting used to those benefits and it’s great that we can help museums work towards that.
In this blogpost, we will shine light on what today’s museums care about, when it comes to digital media and strategy, what is already out there and what can be done better.
So, what do Museums really care about? It boils down to two main areas:
1. Customer experience and engagement2. Content of their exhibitions
Both of these are related and as one increases the other often follows, although sometimes slowly. With great content, visitors leave with a sense of satisfaction and are more likely to talk about it, generating word of mouth referrals which encourage more visitors. A museum that has an increasing demand and popularity will be in a better position to curate relevant and interesting content, to keep the cycle going. However, creating a great experience without improved content is much harder and requires foresight and planning, while embracing change to drive innovation in the museum. Sadly with modern day finances the way they are, this is often what museums have to do.
Where are people innovating already?
Art traffic at Louvre
Here, Bluetooth® signal tracking was used to map how visitors move through the museum, which galleries they visit, what paths they take, and how long they spend in front of certain artwork.
Visitor behavior and interaction are among the most important factors for informing museum management about how to enhance operations – yet data is traditionally generated by limited observations and mundane surveys. This means the data gathered is limited in quantity and is subject to human interpretation and bias. With the recent emergence and adoption of technologies such as NFC and Bluetooth, this has revolutionized the process of collecting data on human behavior.
With some user benefits to build into this experience, the data would have been even more insightful and meaningful. Not many people like having data captured about them when there are no immediate benefits. Google Maps is a perfect example of a situation where the data is used to show useful information such as traffic jams.
Canadian Museum of Nature
The ability to provide a compelling digital experience based on a location or physical interaction has not been viable until recently, but with the emergence of Bluetooth beacons, the Canadian Museum of Nature launched a pilot project to demonstrate how evolution works in the Mammal Gallery. As users walk around the gallery, they are automatically prompted to download an app onto their phones, and this app is an interactive game to show how things change over time.
While walking around, visitors were given one of five creatures randomly – for example a fish or a bird – and as they came within range of another beacon in the gallery, their creature would ‘evolve’ to develop a number of randomly selected attributes from each animal. After interactions with all beacons, the output was an odd creature with a combination of unique characteristics, which users were encouraged to share with their friends through Twitter.
Thus connecting the offline and the online world together.
NY Museum – United Nations & Raising Awareness for mine fields
Although there have been a number of innovative use cases for beacons, this is definitely one of the most unique ones we have seen so far.
As visitors move through the exhibit space, they can trigger “digital landmines” if they get too close to a beacon. If this happens, visitors hear an explosion through their headphones, followed by a short audio excerpt telling the story of a person affected by landmines – powerful location based, interactive, storytelling. Users were also invited to make a small donation of $5 to help ensure no one ever has to go through what they did.
Simulating a virtual minefield is a powerful way to let visitors experience the danger mines pose, not just during wars, but after they have ended. The exhibition was created for the UN’s International Day for Mine Awareness and Assistance in Mine Action in New York.
Pointr Technology in Museums
At Pointr, we go a step further than the examples above and rather than using proximity, which misses many of the benefits of Beacons, we generate a true position. With 1 meter accuracy, we can position a user or an item within the map of a venue, giving accurate, turn-by-turn navigation and all of the interactions related to this position.
In a simple case this could be used for guided tours which are personalized based on chosen interests, helping school children, tourists or the visually impaired experience the best the museum has to offer.
In addition to this, powerful data is generated with regards to how the space is utilized, ranging from things such as “the most searched for points of interest”, to “average dwell times”, “popular locations”, “visitor density heat maps” and much more. This way, a museum could analyze and compare which exhibition performed better, and when combined with knowledge of how it was different, start to understand visitor interaction on another level. This app could also create a new channel of communication between the museum and the visitor, enabling much more personal feedback and a conversation that extends beyond the physical space of the museum, for example notifying them of upcoming exhibitions.
Most 5 Frequent Word: [["the",37],["to",31],["and",30],["of",30],["a",29]]

Article:
Harrods won a Drapers Digital Award for ‘Best Use of Technology in Store’ for their Mobile Store Guide, powered by Pointr
Pointr digitized Harrods' entire store catalogue, helping the luxury retailer to paint a picture of their digital store 
We’re proud to announce that Harrods won a prestigious Drapers Digital Award for ‘Best Use of Technology in Store’ for the Mobile Store Guide in their app.
Using Pointr's technology, the Mobile Store Guide enables customers to find their way around using a smartphone or a tablet. The Mobile Store Guide detects the location of a customer’s device, and highlights their location on the interactive map. As well as browsing maps, customers can locate brands, services and restaurants using a searchable store index, and find routes to their favourite departments.
To make this possible, Pointr digitized the entire store catalogue of Harrods, creating beautifully designed digital maps in line with Harrods' brand. We automatised the process to so that all content updates are done automatically daily, to ensure that the maps stay relevant.  
Discover the Mobile Store Guide 
The launch and steady improvement to the Mobile Store Guide has helped increase downloads by 60% YoY with a 22% uptake in average monthly users and improving return users by over half. In the latest app user survey, 9 in 10 had used the Mobile Store Guide to route their way around the one million square-foot Knightsbridge store. By providing a tool to support the customer journey, satisfaction and time spent shopping has increased, leading to more store visits and trade.
The CEO of Pointr, Ege Akpinar, has stated that: "The beautiful design of the Mobile Store Guide has been a key in the success of Harrods' app experience. We are very pleased for the recognition of our work with Harrods, who was one of our earliest customers.”
Next time you visit Harrods, make sure you try out the Store Guide to locate your favourite labels and departments.
Meet Pointr
Pointr, the Deep Location company, is a global technology leader in real-time location for smart venues. We digitize venues, enabling them to create immersive location experiences and to improve their operations. We work with major international customers in retail, aviation, hospitality and smart office.
Built by a team of computer scientists and fuelled by 6 patents, Pointr’s Deep Location platform provides location-based services such as mapping, navigation, location-based marketing and powerful location analytics.
Don't Miss Out
Sign up for our latest news on Deep Location for Retail, Airports, Smart Office, Hospitality and much more. 
Most 5 Frequent Word: [["the",14],["and",13],["a",12],["to",10],["of",9]]

